 Hey Jan, just wanted to run through these definitions with you quick. I'll show you how the inputs work and what all the parameters do. So let's first start off by, I'm going to disable the kangaroo solver and what I'll do is run through the bug that you were finding in the previous version. So essentially what it is, let me turn off the intersections as well. Okay, so you know how we have this billowing effect where it's essentially taking the middle node of the arc and increasing the Z value. So what happens is if this gets too high of a value, let's put it here, bring it up. What you'll see is that the billow, the arc that's being created is actually exceeding the ceiling of the cones. And so what happens is we get multiple intersections and it sort of just breaks everything. So what I have this set to is a lower number. I've got the limit set to 1500. And it may have to be lower than that. I haven't tested all of the possible variables, but what we want to make sure of is that this doesn't exceed the top. So we don't get multiple intersections. So given these values, I can turn the intersection back on and it takes just a moment for it to calculate. Okay. So I'm going to go ahead and run this. Okay. So I'm going to go ahead and run this. Okay. So I'm going to go ahead and run this. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Alright. And you'll see we have straight pipes with doubly curved surfaces that are being created between the intersections and the pipes. So I changed this up a little bit. I actually, I separated this when I made my call. these this whole thing out separately so that each cone has all of its own surfaces in in one cluster so then this cluster if you double click inside of that this is all the functionality that's that's creating the the intersections and those resulting surfaces and then when you're done you can just or after you click into a cluster the way to get out of it is just go file and then save and return and it'll save whatever changes you made to the cluster and return back to the original document and another way to do it if you're in the cluster you can go up here and then just close the cluster if there are if you don't want to see the changes close the cluster and you get back to the main document and then one thing to note is that if you change this cluster it's going to also change all of these because they're they're linked it's basically a copy of the of this instance of one of these instances and then i also used a cluster over here in the kangaroo solver so i'll jump inside here and this is the the kangaroo solver the way that that it works is it has a a main component right here this is the solver and then you have all of these uh these goals that you're trying to try to set so this one is just telling the solver that you're you're going to preview the mesh this one's going to smooth the mesh this one is a constraint for the the the edges of of the mesh basically the triangles that are you know creating the mesh and then this is a component that keeps all of the points at the seaplane this one is an anchor around the perimeter so that the when you give pressure to the um to the surface it doesn't escape the the perimeter and then this is the actual pressure that we're adding to to inflate the surface whether you need to рoom in a dom formal or ufo type way to do that you can customize a little bit more about the juxtaposition and the whateverxtans and friction and the so a really interesting way to do this is when you open up a spacer it starts with three places so the first one is in here that we're notinnflation way so this is where this is taking place at the first place that essentially takes a interpolated curve, applies a mesh to it, and then allows me to inflate it based on the same constraints that I just showed you before. So what we want to do to start the simulation is we want to make sure that the pressure is set to zero, first of all, and then we'll do a reset. And then we can increase the pressure. You can see it's almost like it's breathing as I'm sliding. Now the other thing you can do is you can select the curve and edit it. But what you'll notice is that when I'm doing that there's some artifacting happening over here. And what you have to do to get rid of that is you just reset the solver after you change the input. So I've changed the input and I reset the solver and now that artifacting will go away. And what you can also do is if I create a new interpolated curve like that, just select it and then set one curve. Again, we have artifacting. What I'm going to do is set this back to zero, reset the solver, and then I can increase and decrease pressure. Now you see this one is pretty interactive and it's, you know, I'm seeing live updates. It's a really relatively lightweight mesh. But with this other definition, there's so many intersections and other things going on that it's not quite as a responsive interaction, I suppose. So what we'll do here is I'm going to turn on the solver. It's essentially a boolean that is telling the solver to turn on. So we'll turn that on. And what I should have done is set this to zero first before I turn it on but it seemed to work. Work okay now. I'm going to bring this to zero. Okay, and then I'm going to reset. It's just a button right here. Okay, so now we have. I Now we're back at zero, we've got a flat mesh, and if I increase this to let's say 15, you're going to notice that it's actually a bit lumpy. And the reason is because Kangaroo is an iterative solver, so it's going through this smoothing calculation. And the more times you run it through the calculation, the smoother it's actually going to get. So I'll increase this then to let's say 17. And let's say 20. It's kind of like you're stretching out the surface and then you can deflate it a bit back down to 15 and it'll be nice and smooth. 19. 20. 21. 22. 23. 24. 25. 26. 27. 28. 29. 30. 31. 32. 33. 34. 35. 36. 37. 38. 39. 40. 41. 42. 43. 44. 45. 46. 47. 48. 49. 50. 51. 52. 53. 54. 55. 56. 57. 58. 59. 60. 61. 62. 63. 64. 65. 67. 68. 69. 70. 71. 72. 73. 74. 75. 76. 78. 79. 80. 90. 90. 91. 92. Attach. 95. 98. 90. 92. 93. 94. 94. 95. 96. 97. 96. 97. 98. 05. 05. 05. 06. 06. 07. 08. 09. 010. 09. 10. 20. 20. and I'm going to change this to individual inflation. So now the inflation of these is going to be determined by this individual inputs over here. So this top left cone will be controlled right here and it works the same. I've got a reset button and an inflation. So let's put this one up to 15. And again you'll see it's a bit lumpy. We'll jump this to 20. Actually let's step up to 18 then 20. And then we'll sort of back it off back on down to 15 or 12 or something. And you'll see it's running quite a bit quicker because it's not actually trying to solve for all eight of these. Oops. So that should do it. I think that covers just about everything. If you have any questions just send me an email and we'll go from there. Thanks. Hey Kevin this is a quick video walkthrough showing the elevation renders. I just wanted to walk through how it's set up and showing you the adjustments that we can make on the fly. So I've got all the materials and all the swatches pulled into the model so that when I draw the remaining. Homes that it'll be easy to just apply these textures as those models are complete. So you can see here the vinyl siding is currently set up to Tuscan clay and it's relatively easy if I wanted to change it to let's say sterling gray for instance and then the trim and the board and batten and the roof and then the garage door and front door also have all the swatches complete and then the floor is done. So that's pretty much it. So that's pretty much it. So that's pretty much it. So I can change those on the fly so you'll see that right now the garage door is I believe extra white and here I can change it to something else. And so then once those are all dialed in what I do is I export the image into Photoshop and you can see here I've got a pretty generic foreground that can be tweaked if you if you'd like me to. And then we can add vegetation if needed as well. And then we can add vegetation if needed as well. And then we can add vegetation if needed as well. So let me know what you think from here. So let me know what you think from here. The adjustments should be relatively easy to make seeing as the bones are kind of set up for the elevations. Hope that helps. Thanks. Bye. This is a walkthrough video on how to use Lesson 34 Version 2 definition. All right. So. All right. So. We have, let me hide this. Okay. We've got two ribs, the north and south. We've got points on the inside edge. Here and here and here. All right. So let's start with doing what I'm calling a left rib as you're facing it. Set one b-rep, then we're going to select these points. Set multiple. Right rib points. Set multiple. And it's automatically going to know which one is one and which one is two because of the it sorts by z value. Then what we're going to do is select all the clips. So do that. Set multiple. And then if we go into top view, this is the unroll. And you see if we go over to clip number one, or the first one here, it's called clip number one. I'll call it clip number one. But if we grab this one, go into properties and change it to clip two. And then rerun the definition. That'll change to clip two. So let's set this back to one. There we go. Rerun it. Okay. So from here, we're going to go down to. FAB bake. And all the fab geometry is going to bake. And if you want the dimensions to bake out, we're going to go into the active layer. Let's say the dim layer. And then we'll go over to where the dimensions are, which are over here. And we're just going to middle click, bake, middle click, bake, bake, and bake. And it's going to bake. And then it's going to go back down to the active layer. And then we're going to go into the active layer. And bake. So now we have them baked in the grasshopper. And then if we want these text dots to bake out as well, we'll have to do the same thing. So I'll just make a new layer called VOT. Make that the active layer. Middle click, bake. And now we'll have the text dots in there as well. And what you can do if you want to try to verify that things are correct. What I do is I'll grab this. I'll just copy it up some amount. Group it. And then move it from here over to here. And then you've got two and one. So I'm just going to roughly orient it the way it's supposed to go. There, two, one. And then if I do an orient three point. Go one, two, three. And then up here, one, two, three. And this way I can kind of verify in 3D and in 2D that everything is landing where it's supposed to. And this one looks like it, is it landing correctly? Yeah. It is. It's just I got confused because I saw this over here. But that one is correct. This one's good. So then I'll do the same with this. Just copy it up. Group. Move. Over here. And we've got the one, two. And the one, two. So you can just roughly bring it into place. Orient three points. Bam, bam, bam. And bam, bam, bam. That's looking good. That's supposed to be a quicker way to do it if you want to. It just depends on how you want to do it. You could just delete this. Just grab this. And then do an orient three point. And then set up here to copy. Set up that to yes. And then find the one and the two and then any edge. And then come over here and do one, two, and any edge. And then once it's there. Oops, I just escaped out of it. But what you can do is you can group it when it's in place. Or group it first. A million ways to skin a cat. But that one's looking good too. If you have any questions. Gimme a shout. All right, here's a quick little walkthrough of the S-wall. The 3D model. And the production files. So let's see here. First of all, the cap up here on top. And if I hide the top part. You'll see the plug that goes inside of it. Is offset a 16th of an inch in. So there's a little bit of wiggle room. When we're installing it. And then we have it reduced to three ribs total. If I select the three ribs. This is where they're located. And then taking a look at the production files. So the plank itself. It's just one part. That'll be repeated 361 times. There's 180 planks on the inside. 181 on the outside. And then we have the end cap. Which there are two of them. Same exact geometry. And then up here we've got the bottom cap. So it will be this down here. And. It is split into 17 different parts. So we've got the bottom layer. That is felt. And then there's also a pen layer. And the reason the pen layer is there. Is so that when we. Cut the plug part of it. We know how to align it. And then for the top. It's just it's mirrored. Because we're, you know, we're cutting it like. Like that. Essentially. And. I have them labeled such that these are B7 for the bottoms. And. That'll be the same label for the plug portion as well. B7. And then for the top. Caps. It's T1. And. T1 for these as well. So then we've got the ribs. Kind of the same thing. Except. We don't have a top and bottom condition. These just get. Cut three times each. And there are also 17 parts. So that should do it. Let me know if you guys have. Any questions. Hey, Kevin. So this is the master model for the elevations. And I'm just going to walk through. How the model is built in where the materials and such are. So what you see on your screen right now is the front view or the elevation view. Of these models. And it is set to rendered mode. Now we can also set it to. Shaded mode. So if I, if I right click. On this, or if I just click on the down key. Over here. And so a blue piece. You'll have options to show what. How you want the scene to be rendered. So let's just, I'm just going to show you. You shaded mode as well. So you have an idea of how the model is built. So now we're in shaded mode. And you see, these are all the surfaces. Then if we. Do this down care it again. And we go to set view right here. And over to perspective. You'll see how things are actually being built in, in 3d. Okay. So this is the actual model. And if I zoom in on one of the homes. You'll see that I've got these surfaces offset. Kind of layered. And the reason I have them like this is because then it casts shadows. To make it look a bit more photo realistic. It's a way to, you know, build a flat model, but also have it appear as if it's a three-dimensional. Okay. So then if I go back into here. And I'm going to set. The display mode to be rendered again. So here's the rendered mode. And then again, in the dropdown, I'm going to go to set view. And go back to front view. All right. So this is where we were when we opened up the model. All right. So now how do we change materials? Well, what we want to do is. Open up the layers panel. And in Rhino, the way I use it is I use the command line up here to just type in the command rather than the toolbars. So I can just type in layer. Enter. And it's going to bring up the layer panel. Another way to do that is to go up top to these toolbars and click on panels. And come down to layer right here. And select layer. So both layers. So both of those ways work. It's just quicker to just type layer and press enter. All right. So you're going to see all of these layers in here. All right. The layers are separated because each of the layers has a different material. All right. So if we want to change the board and batten material, I'm going to find the board and batten layer, which is right here. And then scroll over to the material column. So these are all of the materials. Now I'm going to go back to the material column. Now I'm going to click right here. Just left click on this. And it's going to bring up the material selector. So once this is up, I'm going to click here for the drop down menu. And then I can scroll down to the other board and batten materials. So right now it's set to glacier white. But if I wanted this to be, let's say, Riviera Dusk, I just click on that. Click OK. Now it's going to bring up the material selector. And then I can see that all of the board and batten is going to be Riviera Dusk. And right now I'm panning using the right click button. I should have said that earlier. But that's how I'm kind of getting around. I'm sure if you've got the software installed, you've probably already figured that out. So right click pans. Then let's say I want the vinyl siding to be a different color. Then I'll find the vinyl siding layer, which is right here. Go over to the material column. Click on the material. And click on the drop down. And all the way down to the bottom of the material selector, you have the vinyl siding options. So let's do mountain fern for the siding. And then OK. Now everything's going to be mountain fern. Then we can do the same thing with the garage door. And the garage door. And the front door. So the garage door. Click on this. Right now it's garage door extra white. If I go down, I can scroll down to let's say garage door cornwall slate. Then OK. And then we'll do the same thing with the doors. The door layer here. Right now it's extra white. But I'm going to go down to the layer called front door cornwall slate. And then click OK. And then we have the option to change the trim color as well. So that's going to be on trim layer. Click on this. Drop down to the options. And we've got trim black, trim medium gray, and trim white. Let's set it to medium gray. And that's how you do it. So let me back out of this here. Keep the doors white. And what other options do we have? Oh, the roof color you can change too. So that's on the roof right now. It's set to Williamsburg gray. But you can also put it at driftwood. But I'll bring it back to Williamsburg for now. And then we'll go down to the roof. And then we'll go down to the roof. And I'll bring it back to Williamsburg for now. So that should be it. Let me know if you have any questions. It's pretty straightforward. But then again, I've been using the software for 10 years. So I'm comfortable with it. So understand that it can seem daunting when you're first jumping into a piece of software. But just getting the materials changed should be relatively easy. And should be relatively straightforward. All right. Thanks. Bye. This is a quick overview of the Paraplane render assets. So we've got three different named views, mall, auditorium, and hallway. And then you'll see if you look over the layers that the auditorium has four different features. The hallway has four. And then the mall has just this one. So the mall is Delaney. And then if we switch over to auditorium, you'll see we've got wave one, wave two, and then Gucci one and Gucci two. So the difference between wave one and wave two is that wave number two has variation on the stroke. And so as the spacing gets tighter between the panel edges, the stroke also gets tighter. And then the panel edges. And then the panel edges. And then the panel edges. And then the panel edges. And then the panel edges. Then we've got Gucci one. It's called Gucci because Paul, you had said that. The pattern kind of looked like a Gucci pattern. And then Gucci two is just rotated 180. Then over to hallway. We've got this first iteration. So hallway one. Then hallway two. Hallway three. Hallway four. And then if you drop down the layers, so we have panels and the PET panel in the sub layers. And that should be it. Thanks. Hey, Jan, just wanted to run through these definitions with you quick. I'll show you how the inputs work and what all the parameters do. So let's first start off by I'm going to disable the kangaroo solver. And what I'll do is run through the bug that you were finding in the previous version. So essentially what it is, let me turn off the intersections as well. Okay, so you know how we have this billowing effect, where it's essentially taking the... the middle node of the arc and increasing the Z value. So what happens is if this gets to too high of a value, let's put it here, bring it up. What you'll see is that the billow, the arc that's being created, is actually exceeding the ceiling of the cones. And so what happens... is we get multiple intersections and it sort of just breaks everything. So what I have this set to is a lower number. I've got the limit set to 1500. And it may have to be lower than that. I haven't tested all of the possible variables, but what we want to make sure of is that this doesn't exceed the top, so we don't get multiple intersections. So given these values, I can turn the intersection back on. And it takes just a moment for it to calculate. All right, and you'll see we have straight pipes with doubly curved surfaces. So we can see that there are some surfaces that are being created between the intersections and the pipes. So I changed this up a little bit. I actually separated this whole thing out separately so that each cone has all of its own surfaces in one cluster. So then this cluster, if you double-click inside of that, this is all the functionality that's creating the intersections and those resulting surfaces. And then when you're done, you can just... or after you click into a cluster, the way to get out of it is just go File, and then Save and Return. And it'll save whatever changes you made to the cluster and return back to the original document. And another way to do it, if you're in the cluster, you can go up here and then just close the cluster if you don't want to see the changes. Close the cluster and you get back to the main document. And then one thing to note is that if you change this cluster, it's going to also change all of these because they're linked. It's basically a copy of this instance of one of these instances. And then I also used a cluster over here in the Kangaroo solver. So I'll jump inside here. And this is the Kangaroo solver. The way that it works is it has a main component right here. This is the solver. And then you have all of these goals that you're trying to set. So this one is just telling the solver that you're going to preview the mesh. This one's going to smooth the mesh. This one is a constraint for the... the edges of the mesh, basically the triangles that are creating the mesh. And then this is a component that keeps all of the points at the seaplane. This one is an anchor around the perimeter so that when you give pressure to the surface, it doesn't escape the perimeter. And then this is the actual pressure that we're adding to inflate the surface. So I'll close that. And I don't want to make any changes, so I'll just say no, I don't want to save it. And then we're back to the main piece here. Okay, so what I'm going to do is open up the... just the simplified inflation script, just to show you how it works, then I'll jump back into the other one. So this is where I started. I made a definition that essentially takes an interpolated curve, applies a mesh to it, and then allows me to inflate it based on the same constraints that I just showed you before. So what we want to do to start the simulation is we want to make sure that the pressure is set to zero, first of all. And then we'll do a reset. And then we can increase the pressure. You can see it's almost like it's breathing as I'm sliding. Now the other thing you can do is you can select the curve and edit it. But what you'll notice is that when I'm doing that, there's some artifacting happening over here. And what you have to do to get rid of that is you just reset that. You reset the solver after you change the input. So I've changed the input and I reset the solver. And now that artifacting will go away. And what you can also do is if I create a new interpolated curve like that, just select it and then set one curve. Again, we have artifacting. What I'm going to do is set this back to zero, reset the solver, and then I can increase and decrease pressure. Now you'll see this one is pretty interactive and I'm seeing live updates. It's a relatively lightweight mesh, but with this other definition, there's so many intersections and other things going on that it's not quite as responsive interaction, I suppose. So what we'll do here is I'm going to turn on the solver. It's essentially a Boolean telling the solver to turn on. So we'll turn that on. And what I should have done is set this to zero first before I turn it on, but it seemed to work okay. Now I'm going to bring this to zero. Okay, and then I'm going to reset. It's just a button right here. So I'm going to press the button and then I'm going to press the button again. And then I'm going to press the button again. And then I'm going to press the button again. And then I'm going to press the button again. Okay, so now we're back at zero. We've got a flat mesh. And if I increase this to, let's say, 15, you're going to notice that it's actually a bit lumpy. And the reason is because Kangaroo is an iterative solver. So it's going through this smoothing calculation. And the more times you run it through the calculation, the smoother it's actually going to get. So I'll increase this then to, let's say, 17. And let's say 20. And it's kind of like you're stretching out the surface. And then you can deflate it a bit back down to 15, and it'll be nice and smooth. 19. 20. Which is about 10 percent. A little mache. All right, so that's looking pretty good. And, of course, you can bring this down to whatever you feel like will match the aesthetic that you're looking for. currently set to global inflation, which means that this red box right here is going to control the inflation of all of these. Now, however, if you want to have individual inflation, what we'll do is, again, we'll bring this back to zero. And I'm going to reset the solver right here. All right, now we're back to flat mesh. And I'm going to change this to individual inflation. So now the inflation of these is going to be determined by this individual inflation. And again, I'm going to release individual inputs over here. So this top left cone will be controlled right here, and it works the same. I've got a reset button and an inflation. So let's put this one up to 15. And again, you'll see it's a bit lumpy. We'll jump this to 20. Actually, let's step up to 18, then 20. And again, you'll see it's a bit lumpy. So let's put this one up to 20. And again, you'll see it's a bit lumpy. And we'll sort of back it off, back on down to 15 or 12 or something. And you'll see it's running quite a bit quicker because it's not actually trying to solve for all 8 of these. So that should do it. I think that covers just about everything. If you have any questions, just send me an email and we'll go from there. Thanks.